# Backlog

## Must-Haves

**Input Field:** Create an input field where users can enter text. **Submit
Button:** Implement a submit button to add the entered text to a container
below. **Add Functionality:** When the submit button is clicked, the text from
the input field should be added to the container below. **Edit Button:** Add an
edit button for each item in the container to allow users to edit the text.
**Delete Button:** Include a delete button for each item in the container to
allow users to remove items. **Error Handling:** Display an error message if the
input field is empty when the submit button is clicked. **Clear Button:**
Implement a clear button at the end to remove all items from the container.

## Should-Haves

**Styling:** Apply CSS to improve the visual appeal and usability of the page.
**Confirmation for Delete:** Add a confirmation prompt when users click the
delete button to prevent accidental deletions. **Edit Functionality:** Enable
users to edit the text directly in the container by clicking on it or using an
edit button. **Validation:** Implement input validation to ensure that only
valid text can be entered. **Keyboard Shortcuts:** Allow users to add items by
pressing Enter in the input field and delete items by pressing Delete or
Backspace when an item is selected. **Local Storage:** Save the items in the
container to local storage so that they persist even after the page is
refreshed.

## Could-Haves

**Drag-and-Drop:** Enable users to reorder items in the container using
drag-and-drop functionality. **Themes:** Provide different theme options for
users to customize the look of the page. **Animations:** Add animations to make
the interactions more engaging. **Search Functionality:** Allow users to search
for specific items within the container. **Responsive Design:** Ensure that the
page layout adjusts gracefully on different screen sizes and devices. **Share
Functionality:** Allow users to share their lists via social media or email.
